added info about the 64 char limit for common name (#10383)
github/docs: content/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/securing-your-github-pages-site-with-https.md

{% data reusables.pages.private_pages_are_public_warning %}

> {% tip %}
> 
> **Tip:** RFC3280 states that the maximum length of the common name should be 64 characters. With this in mind, the entire domain name of your Pages site must be less than 64 characters long for a certificate to be successfully created.
> 
> {% endtip %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% note %}

**Note:** RFC3280 states that the maximum length of the common name should be 64 characters. Therefore, the entire domain name of your {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} site must be less than 64 characters long for a certificate to be successfully created.

{% endnote %}
```
